OKAY, THESE WERE
UNBELIEVABLY EXPENSIVE
AND I KNOW HE'S GOING
TO GROW OUT OF THEM IN,
LIKE, 20 MINUTES,
BUT I COULDN'T RESIST!
( everyone oohing and ahhing )
OH, LOOK AT THESE.
HEY, BEN, JUST DO IT.
( crying )
OH, MY GOD. OHH!
OKAY, WAS THAT TOO MUCH
PRESSURE FOR HIM?
( crying louder )
WOW, IS HE HUNGRY ALREADY?
I GUESS SO.
YOU KNOW, IT'S...
SOMETHING FUNNY
ABOUT SNEAKERS.
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
UH... UH... UH...
I GOT TO GET ONE TOO.
HEY, WHAT ARE
YOU GUYS DOING?
WE'RE JUST HANGING OUT
BY THE SPOONS
AND THE LADLE.
LOOK, WILL YOU
GUYS GROW UP?
THIS IS THE MOST NATURAL,
BEAUTIFUL THING IN THE WORLD.
YEAH, WE KNOW, BUT THERE'S
A BABY SUCKING ON IT.
THIS IS MY SON
HAVING LUNCH, OKAY?
IT'S GOING TO HAPPEN A LOT
SO YOU BETTER GET USED TO IT.
IF YOU HAVE ANY
PROBLEM WITH IT
IF YOU'RE UNCOMFORTABLE,
JUST ASK QUESTIONS.
CAROL'S FINE WITH IT.
COME ON.
CAROL?
I WAS JUST WONDERING
IF JOEY COULD ASK YOU
A QUESTION ABOUT
BREAST-FEEDING.
SURE.
UH...
DOES IT HURT?
OH, IT DID AT FIRST,
BUT NOT ANYMORE.
OH.
CHANDLER?
SO, UH... HOW OFTEN
CAN YOU DO IT?
AS MUCH AS HE NEEDS.
OH, OH, OKAY,
I GOT ONE. I GOT ONE.
UH...
IF HE BLOWS INTO ONE,
DOES THE OTHER ONE GET BIGGER?
GET OUT. GET OUT.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU ♪
♪ LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ AND IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
RACHEL, DO YOU HAVE
ANY MUFFINS LEFT?
YEAH, I FORGET WHICH ONES.
OH, YOU'RE BUSY.
THAT'S OKAY. I'LL GET IT.
OH, ANYONE ELSE
WANT ONE?
NO, THANKS.
NO, I'M ALL SET.
OH, YOU'RE LOSING
YOUR APRON HERE.
LET ME GET IT.
OH.
THERE YOU GO.
THANK YOU.
( sighs )
WHAT A BITCH.
LISTEN, YOU GUYS, I HAVE
THIS FRIEND AT BLOOMINGDALE'S
WHO'S QUITTING TOMORROW AND
HE WANTS TO ABUSE HIS DISCOUNT.
SO ANYONE WHO WANTS TO COME WITH
ME AND TAKE ADVANTAGE OF IT?
I CAN'T. I HAVE TO TAKE
MY GRANDMOTHER TO THE VET.
OKAY.
UM, I'LL GO WITH YOU.
GREAT.
OKAY.
HI, HONEY.
HEY, SWEETUMS.
AND HELLO TO THE REST.
( everyone says hi )
MONICA, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
YOU CAN'T GO SHOPPING WITH HER.
WHAT ABOUT RACHEL?
THIS IS GOING TO BE
A PROBLEM, ISN'T IT?
OH, COME ON,
YOU'RE GOING TO BLOOMINGDALE'S
WITH JULIE?
IT'S LIKE CHEATING ON RACHEL
IN HER HOUSE OF WORSHIP.
I JUST WANT TO...
MONICA, SHE WILL KILL YOU.
SHE WILL KILL YOU
LIKE A DOG IN THE STREET.
SO, UH, JULES TELLS ME
YOU GUYS ARE GOING
SHOPPING TOMORROW.
OH, YEAH, IT'S ACTUALLY
NOT THAT BIG A DEAL.
WELL, IT'S A BIG DEAL TO ME.
THIS IS GREAT, MONICA.
I REALLY APPRECIATE THIS.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
WOOF! WOOF!
( panting )
( imitating crash )
BIJAN FOR MEN?
HEY, ANNABEL.
HEY, JOEY.
DID YOU HEAR
ABOUT THE NEW GUY?
WHO?
NOBODY KNOWS HIS NAME.
ME AND THE GIRLS
JUST CALL HIM
THE "HOMBRE MAN."
( spurs jingling )
( as Clint Eastwood ):
HOMBRE?
WHAT'S HE DOING
IN MY SECTION?
I GUESS HE DOESN'T KNOW.
WELL, HE'S GOING TO.
I'LL SEE YOU
A LITTLE LATER, OKAY?
HEY, HOW YOU DOING?
MORNING.
LISTEN, UH,
I KNOW YOU'RE NEW
BUT, UH, IT'S KIND OF
UNDERSTOOD THAT EVERYTHING
FROM "YOUNG MEN'S"
TO THE ESCALATOR
IS, UH, MY TERRITORY.
YOUR TERRITORY, HUH?
YEAH.
BIJAN FOR MEN?
NO, THANKS.
HOMBRE?
YEAH. ALL RIGHT.
YOU WERE SAYING?
PHOEBE, ALL RIGHT, LISTEN,
YOU WERE WITH ME,
AND WE WERE SHOPPING ALL DAY.
WHAT?
WE WERE SHOPPING,
AND WE HAD LUNCH.
ALL RIGHT.
WHAT DID I HAVE?
YOU HAD A SALAD.
OH, NO WONDER
I DON'T FEEL FULL.
HI, GUYS. WHAT'S UP?
I WENT SHOPPING
WITH MONICA ALL DAY
AND I HAD A SALAD.
GOOD, PHEEBS.
WHAT DID YOU BUY?
UM, WE WENT
SHOPPING FOR, UM...
FOR, UM...
FOR FUR.
YOU WENT SHOPPING FOR FUR?
YEAH.
AND THEN I REALIZED
THAT I'M AGAINST THAT
AND, UH...
SO THEN WE BOUGHT SOME, UM...
UM... BOOBS.
( laughing )
YOU BOUGHT BOOBS?
BRAS!
WE BOUGHT BRAS!
WE BOUGHT BRAS.
BIJAN FOR MEN?
BIJAN FOR M...
HEY, ANNABEL
LISTEN, I WAS
WONDERING IF, AFTER WORK
YOU AND I COULD GO OUT
AND GRAB A CUP OF COFFEE.
ACTUALLY,
I SORT OF HAVE PLANS.
OH.
YOU READY, ANNABEL?
YOU BET.
MAYBE SOME OTHER TIME.
YEAH.
HEY, IT'S NOT THE FIRST TIME
I LOST A GIRL
TO A COWBOY SPRAYING COLOGNE.
BIJAN FOR MEN?
BIJAN FOR MEN?!
OKAY, AND THIS
IS FUNNY CLOWN.
FUNNY CLOWN IS ONLY
FOR AFTER HIS NAPS.
NOT BEFORE HIS NAPS
OR HE WON'T SLEEP.
CAROL, WE'VE BEEN
THROUGH THIS BEFORE.
WE HAVE A GOOD TIME.
WE LAUGH, WE PLAY.
IT'S LIKE WE'RE
FATHER AND SON.
HONEY, RELAX.
ROSS IS GREAT
WITH HIM.
DON'T LOOK
SO SURPRISED.
I'M A LOVELY PERSON.
OH, THIS IS SO CUTE.
OH, I GOT THAT
FOR HIM.
"MY MOMMIES LOVE ME."
THAT'S CLEVER.
( phone ringing )
HELLO?
OH, HI, JULES...
HI, JEW!
UH-HUH.
OKAY, UM, SURE.
THAT WOULD BE GREAT.
SEE YOU THEN. BYE.
DID YOU JUST SAY, "HI, JEW"?
YES. UM, YES, I DID.
THAT WAS MY FRIEND
EDDIE MOSKOWITZ.
YEAH, HE LIKES IT.
REAFFIRMS HIS FAITH.
BEN, DINNER!
THANKS, AUNT PHEEBS.
HEY, YOU DIDN'T MICROWAVE
THAT, DID YOU?
BECAUSE IT'S BREAST MILK AND
YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO DO THAT.
DUH, I THINK I KNOW
HOW TO HEAT BREAST MILK.
OKAY.
(all scream)
WHAT DID YOU JUST DO?
I LICKED MY ARM. WHAT?
IT-IT-IT'S BREAST MILK.
SO?
PHOEBE, THAT IS JUICE
SQUEEZED FROM A PERSON.
WHAT IS THE BIG DEAL?
NO. JOEY--
OH, MY--
AAH! WHAT DID YOU JUST DO?
OKAY, CAN PEOPLE STOP
DRINKING THE BREAST MILK?
YOU WON'T EVEN TASTE IT?
NO.
NOT EVEN IF YOU JUST
PRETEND THAT IT'S MILK?
NOT EVEN IF
CAROL'S BREAST
HAD A PICTURE OF A
MISSING CHILD ON IT.
HEY.
WHERE IS EVERYBODY?
THEY TOOK BEN
TO THE PARK.
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?
JUST OUT.
HAD SOME LUNCH, JUST ME.
LITTLE QUALITY TIME WITH ME.
HEY, THANKS FOR YOUR JACKET.
NO PROBLEM.
YOU CAN BORROW IT, BY THE WAY.
OH, HERE ARE YOUR KEYS, HON.
THANK YOU.
MON?
MM-HMM?
IF, UH, YOU WERE AT LUNCH ALONE,
HOW COME IT COST YOU $53?
YOU KNOW WHAT PROBABLY HAPPENED?
SOMEONE MUST HAVE
STOLEN MY CREDIT CARD.
OH.
AND SORT OF JUST PUT THE RECEIPT
BACK IN YOUR POCKET?
HUH.
THAT IS AN EXCELLENT,
EXCELLENT QUESTION.
THAT IS EXCELLENT.
MONICA, WHAT'S WITH YOU?
WHO DID YOU HAVE LUNCH WITH?
JUDY.
WHO?
JULIE.
WHAT?
JODY.
YOU WERE WITH JULIE?
OH, LOOK.
WHEN IT STARTED I WAS JUST
TRYING TO BE NICE TO HER
BECAUSE SHE WAS
MY BROTHER'S GIRLFRIEND.
AND THEN, ONE THING
LED TO ANOTHER, AND...
BEFORE I KNEW IT,
WE WERE...
SHOPPING.
OH!
OH, MY GOD.
HONEY, WAIT.
WE ONLY DID IT ONCE.
IT DIDN'T MEAN
ANYTHING TO ME.
YEAH.
YEAH, RIGHT. SURE.
REALLY.
RACHEL, I WAS THINKING
OF YOU THE WHOLE TIME.
YEAH, RIGHT.
LOOK. I'M SORRY,
ALL RIGHT?
I NEVER MEANT
FOR YOU TO FIND OUT.
OH, PLEASE!
PLEASE!
YOU WANTED TO GET CAUGHT!
THAT IS NOT TRUE.
YOU JUST HAPPENED
TO LEAVE IT IN HERE?
DID IT EVER OCCUR TO YOU THAT
I MIGHT JUST BE THAT STUPID?
OKAY, MONICA,
I JUST HAVE TO KNOW ONE THING.
( sighs )
DID YOU GO WITH HER
TO BLOOMINGDALE'S?
OHH!
OKAY.
OKAY, I JUST REALLY, UH...
I JUST REALLY NEED
TO NOT BE WITH YOU RIGHT NOW.
YEAH, HI. WHO'S THIS?
HI, JOANNE.
IS RACHEL WORKING?
IT'S MONICA.
YES, I KNOW I DID
A HORRIBLE THING.
JOANNE, IT'S NOT AS SIMPLE
AS ALL THAT, OKAY?
NO, I DON'T CARE
WHAT STEVE THINKS.
HI, STEVE.
( knocking )
HEY.
HOW DID WE DO?
OH, I TASTED BEN'S MILK
AND ROSS FREAKED OUT.
I DID NOT FREAK OUT.
WHY'D YOU FREAK OUT?
BECAUSE IT'S BREAST MILK.
IT-IT...
IT'S GROSS.
MY BREAST MILK IS GROSS?
THIS SHOULD BE FUN.
NO. NO, CAROL. THERE'S
NOTHING WRONG WITH IT.
I JUST DON'T THINK
BREAST MILK IS FOR ADULTS.
OF COURSE, THE PACKAGING
DOES APPEAL TO GROWNUPS
AND KIDS ALIKE.
ROSS, YOU'RE BEING SILLY.
I'VE TRIED IT.
IT'S NO BIG DEAL.
COME ON, JUST TASTE IT.
( phony laughing )
THAT WOULD BE "NO."
COME ON.
COME ON, TRY IT.
IT'S NATURAL.
NO.
IT DOESN'T TASTE BAD.
YEAH. IT TASTES
KIND OF SWEET--
SORT OF LIKE, UH...
LIKE WHAT?
CANTALOUPE JUICE.
EXACTLY.
YOU'VE TASTED IT.
YOU'VE-YOU'VE-YOU'VE TASTED IT?
UH-HUH.
OH, YOU'VE TASTED IT.
YOU CAN KEEP SAYING IT,
BUT IT WON'T STOP BEING TRUE.
GET ME THE BOTTLE.
GET ME THE TOWEL.
HOWDY.
GET ME A BOX OF JUICE.
WELL, THEY SWITCHED ME
OVER TO HOMBRE.
WELL, MAYBE IT'S BECAUSE
OF THE WAY
YOU'RE DRESSED.
OR MAYBE IT'S BECAUSE
THIS GUY'S
DOING SO GOOD
THEY WANT TO PUT
MORE PEOPLE ON IT.
YOU SHOULD SEE
THIS GUY, CHANDLER.
HE GOES THROUGH,
LIKE, TWO BOTTLES A DAY NOW.
SO WHAT DO YOU CARE?
YOU'RE AN ACTOR.
THIS IS YOUR DAY JOB.
THIS ISN'T SUPPOSED TO
MEAN ANYTHING TO YOU.
I KNOW, BUT I WAS
THE BEST, YOU KNOW?
I LIKED BEING THE BEST.
I DON'T KNOW. MAYBE I SHOULD
JUST GET OUT OF THE GAME.
THEY NEED GUYS
UP IN HOUSEWARES
TO SERVE CHEESE.
ALL RIGHT,
SAY YOU DO THAT.
SOONER OR LATER,
SOMEBODY'S GOING TO COME ALONG
THAT SLICES A BETTER CHEDDAR.
AND THEN WHERE ARE YOU
GOING TO RUN?
YEAH,I GUESS YOU'RE RIGHT.
YOU'RE DAMN RIGHT I'M RIGHT.
I SAY YOU SHOW THIS GUY
WHAT YOU'RE MADE OF.
I SAY YOU STAND YOUR GROUND.
I SAY YOU SHOW HIM
THAT YOU ARE
THE BADDEST HOMBRE
WEST OF THE LINGERIE.
I'M GOING TO DO IT.
ALL RIGHT.
NOW GO SEE MISS KITTY,
AND SHE'LL FIX YOU UP
WITH A NICE HOOKER.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT ELSE TO SAY.
WELL, THAT
WORKS OUT GOOD
'CAUSE I'M NOT
LISTENING.
I FEEL TERRIBLE.
I REALLY DO.
OH, I'M SORRY.
DID MY BACK HURT YOUR KNIFE?
RACHEL...
SAY THAT I'M
FRIENDS WITH HER.
WE SPEND SOME
TIME TOGETHER.
IS THAT SO TERRIBLE?
YES.
IT'S THAT TERRIBLE?
YES, MONICA.
YOU DON'T GET IT.
IT'S BAD ENOUGH
THAT SHE STOLE THE GUY
WHO MIGHT ACTUALLY BE THE PERSON
THAT I AM SUPPOSED TO BE WITH
BUT NOW...
SHE'S ACTUALLY...
BUT NOW SHE'S ACTUALLY
STEALING YOU.
ME?
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
NOBODY COULD STEAL
ME FROM YOU.
I MEAN, JUST BECAUSE
I'M FRIENDS WITH HER
DOESN'T MAKE ME ANY
LESS FRIENDS WITH YOU.
I MEAN...
I MEAN, YOU'RE MY...
WE'RE...
( both crying )
OH, I LOVE YOU.
I LOVE YOU TOO.
( crying )
YOU GUYS, UM...
I KNOW THAT THIS
REALLY DOESN'T HAVE
ANYTHING TO DO WITH ME
BUT, UM... I LOVE
YOU GUYS TOO.
OH, I REALLY NEEDED THAT.
LOOK, I KNOW THAT YOU'RE
IN A PLACE RIGHT NOW
WHERE YOU REALLY NEED
TO HATE JULIE'S GUTS
BUT... SHE DIDN'T
DO ANYTHING WRONG.
I MEAN, SHE'S
JUST A GIRL
WHO MET A GUY
AND NOW THEY GO OUT.
AND I REALLY THINK THAT
IF YOU GAVE HER A CHANCE
YOU'D LIKE HER.
WILL YOU JUST GIVE
THAT A CHANCE?
FOR ME?
I'D DO ANYTHING FOR YOU.
YOU KNOW THAT.
I'D DO ANYTHING FOR YOU!
I KNOW.
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT, WAIT!
MORNING.
I SAID MORNING.
I HEARD YOU.
ALL RIGHT,
EVERYBODY.
I'M OPENING THE DOORS.
YOU BOYS READY?
READY.
YEAH, I'M READY.
( yelling )
YOU IDIOT!
YOU STUPID COWBOY!
YOU BLINDED ME!
I'M SUING!
OH, MY GOD! TODD!
WHAT THE HELL DID YOU DO?!
I'M SORRY.
I'M SUCH A DUFUS.
I'M SO SORRY.
MY GOD.
WHAT HAPPENED?
AH, THESE NEW KIDS,
THEY NEVER LAST.
SOONER OR LATER,
THEY ALL...
STOP LASTING.
LISTEN, UH...
WHAT DO YOU SAY I BUY YOU
THAT CUP OF COFFEE NOW?
SURE.
SO...
I JUST THOUGHT THE TWO OF US
SHOULD HANG OUT FOR A BIT.
YOU KNOW, WE'VE NEVER
REALLY TALKED.
I GUESS YOU'D KNOW THAT,
BEING ONE OF THE TWO OF US
RIGHT?
NO, I KNOW.
I PROBABLY SHOULDN'T
EVEN TELL YOU THIS
BUT I'M PRETTY MUCH
TOTALLY INTIMIDATED BY YOU.
REALLY? ME?
OH, MY GOD.
ARE YOU KIDDING?
ROSS IS SO CRAZY
ABOUT YOU
AND I REALLY WANTED
YOU TO LIKE ME
AND I, UH...
IT'S PROBABLY ME JUST
BEING TOTALLY PARANOID
BUT I KIND OF
GOT THE FEELING
THAT MAYBE YOU DON'T.
WELL...
YOU'RE NOT TOTALLY PARANOID.
OY.
UM...
OKAY. UM...
OH, GOD.
UM...
WHEN YOU AND ROSS
FIRST STARTED GOING OUT
IT WAS REALLY HARD
FOR ME, UM...
FOR MANY REASONS
OF WHICH I'M NOT GOING
TO BORE YOU WITH NOW
BUT, UM...
I JUST... I SEE HOW HAPPY HE IS,
YOU KNOW
AND HOW GOOD
YOU GUYS ARE TOGETHER
AND, UM...
MONICA'S ALWAYS SAYING
HOW NICE YOU ARE
AND GOD, I HATE IT
WHEN SHE'S RIGHT.
THANKS.
YEAH.
HEY, LISTEN...
WOULD YOU LIKE TO GO TO A MOVIE
SOMETIME OR SOMETHING?
YEAH. THAT WOULD BE GREAT.
YEAH?
I'D LOVE IT.
I'D LOVE IT TOO.
OKAY.
OH, SHOOT.
I GOT TO GO.
OKAY.
SO I'LL TALK TO
YOU LATER, OKAY?
ALL RIGHT, JULIE.
BYE.
WHAT A MANIPULATIVE BITCH.
( sighs )
NOT BAD.